what's up youtubers this is Fox a guy
making another video but this time I'm
gonna show you my Orica got carts a lot
of people have been sending me a lot of
PM's because I'm I actually told him
about this cards so they asked me to
show them on on YouTube so here it is
this is a video now for those who don't
know what Orica is it stands for
original card it's an original print of
any type of card I got this ones on ebay
but bought them off
they're parallel rare as you can see the
carts look really awesome I love them
really awesome
as you can see see the other original
prints used in the Japanese anime of you
yield same dragon the God of all CDs
it's right there press the effect right
there
start
the obelisk
just love this carts the parallel rarity
just amazing
hablas is the effect right there
4,000 effective defense
and my personal favorite
the winged dragon or bra also known as
ah I can get a sod of the name still
there we go
the son of gut dragon go also has the
ancient text which looks really awesome
indeed
all right so everybody asks for the
original Orica got cards in here the our
hope you like the leaf message rate
comment and be sure to keep up with me
in the mind your updates alright alright
thank you you too